vmui/logs: optimize memory consumption (#7524)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/VictoriaLogs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* FEATURE: add an ability to specify extra fields for logs ingested via [HTTP-based data ingestion protocols](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/#http-apis). See `extra_fields` query arg and `VL-Extra-Fields` HTTP header in [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/#http-parameters).
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add frontend-only pagination for table view.

> * FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): improve memory consumption during data processing. This enhancement reduces the overall memory footprint, leading to better performance and stability. 
> 
> * OPTIMIZATION: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): reduced memory usage across all tabs for improved performance and stability. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7185).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): improve memory consumption during data processing. This enhancement reduces the overall memory footprint, leading to better performance and stability. 
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): reduce memory usage across all tabs for improved performance and stability. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7185).
```
